hey guys this is I actually I asked with
the rollout review is bringing you my
first b-daman review this is excelled
ricean from cross fight b-daman
now cross fight b-daman is the new
series of b-daman going on in japan
right now which is very cool you might
remember the original battle b-daman
that was in you the US for a short
period of time but this is what they
look like now very different if you
remember what the originals look like
you will spot that right off the bat
will move him off to the side really
quick and take a look at the box very
briefly you can see what excel dressing
looks like with stickers here I don't
put stickers on my beat Amon I never
have Kakeru the main character of cross
fight beat Amon is at the bottom it has
the excel core his name his number and
the cross by beat Amon logo shows off
the fit grip of the arms here shows off
some stats he has seven attack for
control and three automatic fire shows
off his excel core gimmick here and
shows that he's compatible with the to
nap gear here it shows off a game which
we will take a look at I have a bottle
here and we will try that out so when
you open up the box the pieces come on
sprues like this it is a model hit a
very simple model kit but a model kit
nonetheless you do get instructions and
the sticker sheet you also get a couple
of extra pieces these two blue pieces
are used to attach the two Nepgear or
upgrade that you can buy separately and
this is an extra bolt you also get the
bolts removing tool and an extra foot
piece that you can use in the arcade
machines over in Japan I won't be
needing this so we can just toss that on
to the side
here is Excel drasi in himself it's
actually very cool-looking I dig the new
look of them he looks very different
without stickers obviously but there you
go these little tags here are also for
the arcade machine there's a little
camera on the arcade machine and Allah
take a look at these so the machine
knows what kind of head and what kind of
core you're using which is very cool now
it comes with a beatable one thing I am
going to point out here is that these
are the original battle b-daman betta
balls that came with every single one of
the original battle b-daman
this is the cross fight betta balls
there's a drastic difference in color
they're the same size they're made out
of the same stuff just this nice glass
but this is a lot darker for some reason
you know it's not bad but I have to say
I think I like the original better but I
digress now let's get this hole back
here and you just load the betta ball in
there just like you did with the
originals it also does come with a cover
for the back here
the original b-daman did not come with
one of these so you just take that and
it'll cover up the whole back here which
is kind of cool i prefer that off
however here's a comparison with the
original cobalt blade here again don't
have any stickers on him but you still
get the idea a very different look this
is the color change system and this is
the zero system now let's get on to
firing this guy again we'll put the beat
of all in it is fully compatible with
the original betta balls which is
fantastic the first thing to note when
firing this is that it's got this a
little bit down here affected by gravity
now when you fire it
up like this not touching the ground
that is obviously down and when you fire
that it does fire but it's got no power
when you bring this down it's got these
two little prongs here now those are on
the original beat them on two and then
it has this wing pack that allows power
because it squeezes these outward it
causes more resistance now this does the
same thing it's got these two little
bits here but instead of having a wing
pack or anything when you press this
down it goes in between the two prongs
and again causes more resistance for
more power now the big thing about the
excel core is that the betta ball can
accelerate over time and it gives a
front board spin on the betta ball as
well it's got this big rubber piece down
here at the bottom that provides some
catch the fit grip that's talking about
on the box is that the shoulders here
and there's a little divot here allow
for a certain kind of grip here that is
very comfortable so I have a battle pin
from the original b-daman series and you
just press the trigger here now let's
try out that game we saw on the
packaging it says here that the first
level is adding for betta balls to the
bottle the next level is five and the
next level is eight so blue red and gold
so firstly will add more again this is a
power test and excels rezian is power
types so we'll see how well this goes so
Ready Set B fight and there we go
now also is surprisingly adding one more
beatable really does out a world of
difference so this is the red level with
five feet of balls here you also saw
there it went back and then went forward
that is because of the excel yeah that's
not gonna happen and just for fun I
guess we'll take a look at eight
beatable I have actually tried this in
better situations my space is kind of
hindered because of the filming
situation but eight is rather impossible
you again you saw that that excel core
action again it is very good yeah so he
is pretty much impossible but that is
the power game now the new cross fight
b-daman
series is awesome I love all of the new
designs I think the core system is
genius
so that is about it guys and this is I
actual @ix
signing off